,comments,likes
0,Sub should be unlocked forever. Y'all are hilarious.,
1,The snow hasn’t even fallen yet… imagine how brutal this winter is going to be when it’s dark for 16 hours and you can’t even look forward to watching the Oilers play good hockey.,
2,Should be changed to “The Mourning After”,
3,"The only thing giving me any hope is that the Oilers are this seasons St. Louis Blues. Out of the playoffs by Christmas, Stanley Cup champions by spring.

Anywho, if anyone can recommend a good brand of foundation for my clown makeup, let me know",
4,"So here’s a question that’s bugging me: did the shakeup in our video coaching hurt us this much? We don’t seem nearly as prepared for beating goaltenders and we don’t adjust during the games like we did.

Was this actually Coupal’s team after all?",
5,"I went to bed at 10 pm blissfully unaware of the score of the game, slept a solid 8.5 hours and I feel great today.",
6,"At this point,  let it ride.  I want to see if this team can pull themselves out of this. I get the misery you all are feeling but and I myself can be guilty of over-reacting.  BUT...this is a fucking game.  We all have to get up in the morning,  go to work,  spend time with family (or not),  all have our own lives and these lives will just move on.  Sometimes we put way to much into your team.  If you are feeling miserable about his and it affects your day to day,  you need to step back re-evaluate your life. It's a fucking game.

ThAT BEING SAID,  no one is coming to rescue us,  the players and coaching staff will just have to do it themselves. There is no big trade out there,  firing Woody does fuck all,  firing the GM will do fuck all. This is the team we have and sink or swim,  it's on the players and coaching staff to change the direction and the ending.  Us the fans,  can be miserable cunts about this or we can support the team.  I am not going to sit here and cry in my beer about this.  This is bad but it is also opportunity to do something great,  iof the team has it in them.  

Either way,  firings and some crazy trade(s) happening is not going to save the season.  No one is coming to rescue the Oilers, i'm interested to see what happens and I am still going to be watching every game.  I love our star players,  and the team and I am not going to pile-on to the misery like some sort of commoner.",
7,We’re going to win the cup..,
8,It’s actually unbelievable how far they’ve fallen since last season.  Just a complete team collapse.,
9,I had expectations this year and all summer was looking forward to cheering for some good hockey.  This sucks.,
10,All I know is whoever ran the Skip TV commercial trapped Draisaitl's soul in that studio.,
11,Drai looked broken in his post game interview. It’s tough to see a player that has been so dominant look so dejected and down on himself and his play.,
12,"Just remember, you can't go from worst to first in a season without hitting worst.",
13,We are so bad this year so far it's actually absurd. Who would have thought lmao. I'm not even mad anymore I'm just numb,
14,"I prefer a devastating bomb of a season which is at least entertaining in a hilarious way and might lead to change vs a mediocre season where we ALMOST make the playoffs and nothing changes because we ""just need a few tweaks""

It's like a train wreck in slow motion, I can't take my eyes off it.",
15,Every radio station spending the day telling me how historically bad the sharks are this year makes this sting a lot more.,
16,The line blending and over-reliance on the big guns when they aren’t firing just is not working.,
17,"It’s just mind boggling right now for fans and media, so I can’t even imagine the pressure in the room. It doesn’t make any sense. Even looking at goaltending and some questions with the D going into the season, this team shouldn’t be this bad. The offseason changes have been small and the product on the ice is unrecognizable.",
18,"Draisaitl has all the talent in the world, but his mentality sucks. Whenever he gets into a scoring funk (which happens to every player from time to time) he stops trying on everything else. His giveaways and lazy defence have bit them in the ass I don’t know how many times. Dude, if you’re not scoring, work hard on something else otherwise you’re a liability. It’s not a matter of skill, but a matter of effort.",
19,"Firing Woody won't do a thing. The problem is in the locker room, and any move against Woody is merely a smokescreen because it's the easiest option. Neither Soup nor Skinner are or ever are going to be a 1A goalie. Oilers win by scoring goals. That's not happening, and they don't have the defense to protect back-up goal tending. The only solution is to trade some pieces away and try to obtain a goalie that can keep a few more out each game. The season is over. Oilers aren't going to play 0.750 hockey the rest of the year, and even if they do, that doesn't guarantee a cup. Guarantees a bust.",
20,"Jays made me sad all summer, Oilers poised to make me sad all winter

Man I love sports",
21,"What's everyone's predictions for what happens today?

I'm saying... nothing.",
22,Morning after pill? Give me 2,
23,"Can't believe I'm saying this but I just picked up Grubauer in fantasy to stream on Saturday. At least I'll get some sort of tangible benefit when he puts up a W and .950 SV% against us. And if I'm wrong and the Oilers win on Saturday, well that's not a bad outcome either.",
24,"Where are the firings?

JudgeJudyWatch.gif",
25,We are genuinely the worst team in the league,
26,Nothing like another night where our goalie puts up an 840 and the guy on the other end has a 950+,
27,"It is time. Is it? It is.

Mortgage the future. Trade away anything of value, overpay for the players we need, quit trying to limp your way to something special. If that doesn't work, trade Draisaitl and McDavid before it's too late to pay off the mortgage.",
28,"Unless something major happens this team feels done.   


Top guys aren't scoring, bottom 6 are fill ins, defence is atrocious and our goaltending is the worst in the league.  


I think we will see some regression to the mean but it might simply be too late. We need to go on a heater to undo this shit and I don't have faith it will happen.

What's such a shame it's on the end of McDrai's contracts and I would not blame either one if they left.",
29,"I mean, if they don't wake up after THAT...

*Nah, it's over regardless. See everyone next season.*",
30,My solution is to move McDavid and Drai to the third line to jumpstart them by facing easier opposition.,
31,"Woodcroft special is going down, immediate panic and only change he makes is throwing McDavid and Drai out together. Joke of a coach and the players clearly not playing for him anymore",
32,"The nonchalance from the players in their interviews early in the season was a pretty good indicator that nothing was going to change. Dismissive, canned, robotic responses. I had held out playoff hopes until now but I think it's over. 

I don't know how the players turn it around now after knowing this season is likely for naught. Plus, you've probably got 6+ years of Campbell buyout siphoning the cap which limits what can be done in the future. It's a mess.",
33,I had an oilers nightmare last night. Anyone else?,
34,At least we can finally meme,
35,Has anyone announced anything yet? Someone gotta be responsible for this. You can't say it is nobody’s fault.,
36,Anyone know when Ryan McLeod is going to show up?,
37,"Man... that was brutal. Four power plays and no conversions against a team that gave up 20 goals in two games, sheesh",
38,"This is just a ""Give them a head start."" to the other teams in the league. right.............RIGHT?",
39,"The Oilers are currently #1 in the league in shots per game, but their shot percentage is at a dismal 5.97%.  It's clear that something is up with the quality of shots they are taking.",
40,"At least the main talking point isn't about what 4th liner is playing less or more than they should

This sub finally entertaining again",
41,"And it’s like no one is even trying to fix anything. The biggest thing they did was send an under performing goalie to the minors, and bring up a new backup goalie from the minors. 

Where are the real changes that might actually fix things?!?!",
42,"My favourite part about last night's game was seeing Canucks fans host a Sharks vs Oilers thread in their own subreddit, have them post goal by goal highlights of Campbell's first game in the AHL, and absolutely dunking on the Oilers any chance they get.

That's a lot of shit they're speaking for a team that has achieved DoD level's of success in the past couple of years.",
43,Lowetide talking about the draft 😭,
44,I don't understand why they didn't play their call up goalie against the leagues worst team.gonna wait for Vegas or Colorado for him to lose and complain he sucks? Give him a fighting chance to get hot.,
45,"Friedman just reported oilers had a massive trade lined up for a goalie on Wednesday but ""something happened""",
46,"Looks like something drastic needs to be done this season. If I'm leadership, the message gets completely flipped. Dont worry about the result, don't worry about the Cup, just lace-up, play loose & have fun. Chirp each other, chirp the opposition & be self-deprecating to an extent. Challenge the players to not get beat in their roles. It's not about scoring, it's about making the other team looking bad--fancy skating & fancy stick-work. The Oilers have no confidence, no swagger & the league is no longer scared of 97 & 29. At the very least, make games entertaining for a beleaguered fan base that is loyal despite the nut stomps.",
47,"You can only put the blame on one thing, and one thing only. 


It was the fucking music video someone did last year about the Oilers.",
48,This team is gonna get blown up,
49,They just need to get out of their heads and play the game.,
50,"I really hope Drai and/or McDavid don't steal Huberdeau's record from last year...The drop is 60 points.

McDrai scored so much last year that's it's not totally out of the question if they don't pick it up soon that they will drop by that much (or more).  Draisaitl less than 68, McDavid less than 93.",
51,"If woody staples Mcdavid and Drai again tomorrow after giving up on whatever the new lines are after 10 mins again, I’ll officially be on the fire him bandwagon",
52,Wow the hopium is thicc in here. Anyone wanna bet $300 they don’t make playoffs?,
53,Checking the timeline every few minutes. Can’t wait to see who gets caned. Hope it is Holland and not JW. At least JW admits the mistakes. Holland hasn’t even made a statement or given a media appearance.,
54,"Know what? We’ve been blaming the wrong people

**Where are the Turkey Guarantees, u/NarcoticTurkey?**",
55,Imagine being that idiot who picks McDavid 1st overall in fantasy,
56,I feel if we are to mortgage the future we should at least shoot high. Give 2 firsts for Saros or someone equivalent. Don't go looking for goalies like Binnington. This is a team that is half a decade away from rebuilding so might as well just go for broke.,
57,"If the Sharks get even a point today against the knights, we'll be last in the league. Dead last. Then there will literally be nowhere to go but up.

Just so disappointing, where do you even begin? Truly at a loss for words. Might not even hurt to bring in some of the older Oiler greats to try to motivate this team because right now they need something, and the motivation isn't going to come from inside the locker room.",
58,"On a positive note, the season is still not lost. If we can reach 0.5 team by 41 games, we should be good. Oilers typically are a second half team. Go for our typical heater mode on the last 41 games. In our division we can make the playoffs. Many of the teams are running on a heater , crazy PDO’s , crazy shooting percentage etc which will start to even out. 
But in order for us to get there something needs to happen. And don’t let Holland decide those roster decisions. He needs to go now. If not he will wait until the season is lost and then make some changes that will further pull the team down.",
59,"In reality the Oilers need a new coach, better bottom 6, a true 1A goaltender, and at least one more top 4 RHD. It will be impossible to acquire these things unfortunately as they do not have the assets or the cap space.",
60,PAIN PAIN AND MORE PAIN!! I’ve written this season off. Going to be a LONG YEAR,
61,It just can't keep going this way. We won't get goalied every game. Pucks are not going to bounce off Drai's blade and get bobbled in the slot on scoring chances. We have to fix D zone coverage and goaltending (although I thought Skinner was fine last night) but I think the rest will come back around. Hopefully it's in time to make playoffs.,
62,idk much about how like leadership works on a team in hockey but is there a remote chance where they can like demote woodcroft to assistant coach and get a new headcoach or smth? idk,
63,Pain.,
64,🤮😪,
65,It can't get worse....can it?,
66,🤢🤮,
67,time to cry?,
68,"Ken Hitchcock multi quotes about Oilers after a loss to San Jose. 

Google this:

“Shots fired! Oilers coach Ken Hitchcock blasts team for lack of desire” -2019.",
69,"Kane just said they “had the best practice of the season” today, well what fucking good does that do us? Great you practiced good? You should be saying “we had the best game of the season” but that would require winning",
70,I won’t waste one dime at overpriced rogers place.,
71,"I feel like McDavid being hurt and maybe Woody losing the room is the cause of this season. He pulled an Eakins and introduced a new system which failed us. On top of that, the goalies have let in goals they should have and the D is giving up grade a chances that are almost unstoppable.",
72,Has anyone been fired yet?,
73,"Reminder to anyone who hasn’t physically and mentally shifted their existence away from hockey yet,.. set yourself free! You don’t need to get depressed over this silly ass “team”. Just forget em, don’t invest in the games or any hope what’s so ever, you will not be happy! Just laugh every time they shit the bed at how fucked up they’ve become!

You lost to the sharks🫵🤣🤣😭💀",
74,"Crazy stat of the day. Advanced stat says we should have 11 more goals than we currently do, which is 8 higher than what we have against. Goalied after goalied. -20 differential total. What a joke",
75,"McDavid and Draisaitl are gonna leave Edmonton. Each to a separate organization. 

They’re gonna buy into an existing system, an existing leadership group. And actually play defensive hockey. 

Just like Jack Eichel did in Vegas.

It’s really unfortunate, they won’t be doing it in Edmonton. Says a lot about their lack of leadership.",
76,"Last night was the result of an extremely lazy or disinterested team. Two out of the three goals were scored because no one picked up the shooter, the third because no one covered for Nurse's pinch, and the Oilers didn't push the intensity or pace for most of the game.",
77,"Imagine woody and holland get axed, everyone’s speculating who the next GM is, then all of a sudden. 

(Stone cold music) 
MY GOD ITS RON REXTALL",
78,Vegas beat the sharks 5 - 0.,
79,P A I N,
80,Poor Lowetide ☹️,
81,Gonna take a miracle. Gone take a dog parachuting in with the antidote type of miracle. https://twitter.com/cspotweet/status/1575157621707112449,
82,I bet Oilers win today!,
83,Holland is a terrible GM,
84,"Alright.  This team is (much) better than it's record and they will show it.  I just watched Woodcroft's press conference from today. I see the anxiety but not the loss of belief.  Lets get behind this team, truly.  I'd rather they learn hard lessons in October and November then learn them in May or June.  Lots of runway available.

Lets go boys.",
85,"I know most people want Holland gone, but it’ll be Woody. Teams don’t fire GMs in the middle of the season and even though this is rock bottom it doesn’t make sense. If I were to guess, Woody and Manson will likely be fired, and the new coach will be given ~20 games to decide whether it’s worth it to try and trade for a capable goalie or another defenseman. If we can get someone who runs a system that we can at least get some confidence in there’s a small chance that a team of players this good is at least fighting until April. If the new coach doesn’t change anything then Hollands contract is over and the new GM has a big decision to make, tear it down or try again for the last year(s) of McDavid and Draisaitl",
86,Sounds like if a firing occurs it won't be until after tomorrow's game,
87,O/u bets on when Woodcroft gets the shaft? 3 days.,
88,As an onion peeler Mark Spector continues to show he cannot peel one layer.,
89,"Stop calling for trades, this is a roster that can do damage, they did it like a few months ago when they were the best team post Christmas or whatever. They just look like shit right now. Like I don’t know how much attention any of you pay to the games when they’re on but the team looks absolutely lifeless and then they have a shift or two where they throw together some effort and it looks okay, and then they go flat and leave someone alone in front of the net and whammy. But seriously look at them play, when was the last time you saw Drai play with any passion? Evander Kane was out there throwing himself around for a few games trying to coax some life out of the team but he can’t do it every game. If you didn’t catch it then take a look at Luke Gazdic’s comments on the post game coverage because he nailed it. Sorry everyone but no one is coming to help the oilers. They have to save themselves, and struggling like this is something McDavid and Draisaitl aren’t used to.",
90,Markstrom not skating this morning at practice per Friedman.,
91,firing woodcroft would be a crime.,
92,"The takes are getting more deplorable as the days march on. 

Lots of random users, lots of recycled topics, lots of yapping about shit that clearly knows 0 about, lots of false information too. 

Amma need y'all to brush up on your Oilers fandom. Needs alot of work. Y'all do not know anything about these players and it shows.

I'm throwing 🍅🍅🍅 at this sub.

But at least some of these memes are fire, though 👍🏽",
93,When's the press conference?,
94,[deleted],
95,"Oilers will go on a deep playoff run this year.  The scoring chance differential is simply too huge that this will continue much longer.  The floodgates will open soon and they’ll be unstoppable.  I think a lot of the doom and gloom is premature, and a lot of this chirping from around the league will age hilariously poorly.  I look forward to it.",
96,"Asked ChatGPT how to stop being sad about the Oilers...I don't think it understands how bad the Oilers are. 
This was my response:


""It's natural to feel disappointed about sports outcomes, but try focusing on the positive aspects of the team and the excitement of future games. Engaging with fellow fans or finding other activities to lift your spirits can also help.""",
97,"If the agents for McDavid and Draisaitl told you today that they wouldn't extend, what would you do as GM?  Immediately start setting up a deal to trade them this summer?  Ride out the next seasons and announce they would be traded as rentals with retained salary to maximize the return as their contracts expire?  Package other bad contracts with them in lieu of asking for some more assets?",
98,😩,
99,Rip the McDrai bandaid off and fire them into the sun. Sick of hearing about the fear of how we'll lose them. Get a kings random in return and move on.,
100,Should we try to get Tristan Jarry out of the penguins? We would be buying low,
101,After a game as embarrassing as that it's a sure bet that changes are coming.,
102,I am dead inside,
103,Anybody else have bad dreams about it?,
104,"Blackwood didn't show up on the ice. Maybe they think they can’t win the Knights tonight but could win us last night. Damn, their strategy worked!",
105,Just kill me fam,
106,Skinner looks shaky! Need strong defence to back up his confidence,
